what's going on guys it's toaster
cluster clans and we are doing a base
versus base against Captain clash now if
I'm speaking for both of us all I want
to say is go ahead and go to the very
first line of the description or second
or third whatever one that we are
putting it in go ahead click the link
and subscribe to both of our channels we
have some awesome basis i think kept in
clashes some of the best around on
youtube just please do me a favor drop
him a subscribe and that further ado
we're going to get into this base build
please my dreams among stars in
spinning around lost and found just
trying to make a stay
live the weight on my shoulders
I